# Weblings

Welcome to Weblings! This project contains a series of broken web pages.
By fixing them, you’ll learn how to read and write code in languages for the web
like HTML, CSS and JavaScript. You’ll also be introduced to a few tools web
developers use to build and test web applications (think Facebook, Twitter,
etc.) which feature many highly interactive components.

These broken web pages need your help!

This project was directly inspired by Ziglings for the Zig language, which
itself was inspired by Rustlings for the Rust language, among other things.
These languages are very different from the ones covered in this project but, if
you’re interested in systems programming or general purpose languages, you are
very encouraged to give them a try, too!

## Intended Audience

This project is intended for beginners interested in dipping their toes into web
development.

### Included Topics

* HTML
  * TBD
* CSS
  * TBD
* JavaScript
  * TBD

## Getting Started

Getting started will probably be difficult if you’ve *never* programmed before
but guidance is provided to help install and understand some of the required
tools before you get going. There’s no need to become very familiar with these
tools just yet; you’ll see them a bit more in-depth as you progress.

The code you’ll be fixing exists in web pages. These pages are intended to be
displayed in web browsers; however, determining if you’ve fixed the broken pages
would be quite difficult if you could only inspect these pages by looking at
them in a browser. Thankfully, many tools exist to help test your code and
ensure the broken pages have been fixed. Before you dive in, you’ll need to
install some software.

You’re going to edit some code which means you’ll need a program that can edit
the files that contain the code. While you *could* use any text editor to do
this, one that’s intended specifically for code only makes sense. There are too
many too count so here are some recommendations to get started quickly: TBD.
Over time, you’ll probably explore the many options out there for writing code
so don’t worry too much about picking the best one when you’re just getting
started.

You’re also going to be typing commands into your computer in order to test your
code fixes and install the necessary software (TODO: Refer to note). To do this,
you’ll use a terminal, i.e., a text-based interface to your computer. There are
too many terminal options to list here but, thankfully, your operating system
includes one. For macOS and Linux users, TBD. For Windows users, TBD. You can,
of course, install a different terminal, if you’d like.

### Download or Clone the Project

If you’re already familiar with Git, the version control system, then you
probably don’t need much help cloning the project’s repository and getting all
the necessary tools installed. If you’ve never heard of Git, or a version
control system, then you can [download the project here](TBD).

### Installation Script

Since there are enough tools needed that it could be daunting to install them
all one-by-one, an installation script is included to get everything set up for
you. Should any of the steps in the script fail, hope is not lost. Instructions
for installing the individual tools are included below.

Choose the right script for your operating system.

#### For macOS Users

TBD

#### For Windows Users

TBD

#### For Linux Users

TBD

#### Installing Tools One-By-One

Note: Skip this section if you used the installation script and had no issues.

In case the installation script doesn’t work for you, or you’d like to install
things yourself, here’s an overview of the tools you need to install and *how*
to install them.

TBD

### Fixing the First Problem

Now that you have all required tools installed, you’re ready to fix the first
problem. To start, open your terminal and navigate to the directory that
contains this project.

Now run the following command:

`npm run weblings`

This will start a script that runs the tests to check whether or not the code
has been fixed. When a test fails, you’ll see which test it was and in which
file the error was found.

By default, this project is designed to check every problem in *every* file, one
after another, so as soon as you fix one broken page, you can see which page to
fix next. If you prefer, you can also check one file at a time as you go along.

To check only one file, you can specify it with a flag. For example, to check
the first file run:

`npm run weblings --exercise html_01`

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](TBD) in this repo for the full details.

## Section Title TBD

(1) Your user account will need to be privileged enough to install software.
If you aren’t sure about this, give it a try. Your operating system will let you
know if you don’t have permission. Full support for issues with user privileges
is beyond the scope of these instructions. Consult someone with administrative
privileges over your computer if you need assistance installing software.
